little Sirocco okay we're playing with
dead bird today right all right in the
background look at the rest against over
here quickly quickly I know she goes
again we wait wait I'm over the toy
super calm
we just had a little treat training
session the only Kitty we got to jump up
on the stool was kalahari there he is we
tried a new treat today to we tried the
freeze-dried chicken which I think it's
better for them than the dry food
and they seem to like it it's not quite
as easy for me to dispense though it
comes in big chunks
I better try not to tempt Sahara too
much with this she is too wild when she
plays she's only post surgery two days
but she's doing really well okay
kalahari though here he goes okay you
catch Kalahari good catch
quite the boy leccima can go see Mekons
been very playful oh we got another
another snatch the toy and run SI roco
okay look it was out here to see what
gun super-good guns turn here we go
or do for a heat wave they tell us you
know it's nice out here today right now
still cool
let's check on nugget and nugget
I think it likes to play but she gets a
little confused by activity is a little
bit too wild nearby like like Sirocco
for example so i will bring that back
Circle Circle
okay you can bring the toy back now okay
drop it drop it drop it she wouldn't
make a good bird cat would she keep her
dog okay here we go now Nuggets turn
niket stirred until somebody yeah nobody
always always gets involved here okay
all right yeah no yeah yeah let go with
a toy circle your uncle she waits you
full of herself know that she's had a
bath there she goes again
okay really need to scan
yes you can
okay Mitnick now she's running off at
the toy